Congratulations.
With the skills you've learned,
you now have proficiency with data visualizations
from single variables through multiple variables.
In this lesson, you learned about a number of techniques
to create effective multivariate visualizations.
For single plots, encodings like shape, size,
and colour can illustrate values for additional variables.
Faceting, allows you to plot
multiple simpler plots across levels of one or two other variables.
You also saw how heat maps could be used for multivariate visualization,
substituting count for measuring a third variable.
You also learned about techniques to help your exploration and analysis.
Plot matrices and correlation heat maps allow for
a high level look at pairwise relationships between your variables.
With feature engineering, you can generate
additional features to strike a complex relationships in your data.
Most of the materials thus far,
have been focused on the exploratory side of visualization.
In the next lesson,
you'll learn how to polish up your plots and make them
part of explanatory analysis and communication.